Top 6 Games That Help You To Learn Coding

A lot of beginners find difficulties when they’re learning how to code so, now here is a new way to learn coding and enhance the learning skills while having some fun.

I have curated a list of top 5 games that actually help you to learn coding and also you’ll learn things by playing some interesting games.

1. CodinGame

Codingame is definitely the best game for programmers. You have to write your own AI and compete against other players’ solution.

Or

CodinGame is a site that helps you work on problem solving skills and learn programming basics through a turn-based game. This platform supports over 25 different programming languages and gives players the opportunity to practice, learn, and compete in coding contests.

CodinGame also serves as a recruiting platform, allowing developers to get noticed by companies based on their performance on the contests.

2. CheckiO

CheckiO is coding game for beginners and advanced level programmers where you can improve your coding skills by solving engaging challenges and fun task using Python and TypeScript.

The game will give you access to hints and other player’s solutions if you need help. You will solve each of the challenges in the online editor and move onto the next mission when the task is solved.

3. Tynker

Tynker is a platform where you can build projects and play games using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Python, and Java. They have an extensive list of projects, algorithms and data structure challenges.

You can build these projects in the online editor very efficiently and share your creations within the community. This site is aimed at kids between the ages of 5–18.

4. Code Combat

Code Combat is a platform where you can learn the fundamentals of programming like loops, functions, conditionals, variables, etc. You can choose any programming language to start with and work your way through the games.

You also have the option to upgrade to the premium account if you are interested in having access to more levels.

5. Minecraft

Minecraft is primarily a game about collecting and placing digital blocks in a three-dimensional world to create all sorts of things! The game itself doesn’t give the players any real instructions or defined goals for what they should do. Instead, it leaves that up to the players themselves.

6.Tis-100

Assembly programming puzzle game. Syntax, registers and program memory are limited, so you have to be creative and efficient.

Thanks for reading….
